Updata information about "transient" CS objects (#88264)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/hybrid/concept-azure-ad-connect-sync-architecture.md

* If the object located in the connector space has no anchor, then sync engine removes this object from the connector space and marks the metaverse object it is linked to as **retry provisioning on next synchronization run**. Then it creates the new import object.
* If the object located in the connector space has an anchor, then sync engine assumes that this object has either been renamed or deleted in the connected directory. It assigns a temporary, new distinguished name for the connector space object so that it can stage the incoming object. The old object then becomes **transient**, waiting for the Connector to import the rename or deletion to resolve the situation.

> Transient objects are not always a problem and you may see them even in a healthy environment. With [Azure AD Connect sync V2 endpoint API](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs/blob/main/articles/active-directory/hybrid/how-to-connect-sync-endpoint-api-v2.md), transient objects should auto-resolve in subsequent delta synchronization cycles. A common example where you may find transient objects being generated occurs on Azure AD Connect servers installed in staging mode, when an admin permanently deletes an object directly in Azure AD using PowerShell and later synchronizes the object again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Transient objects are not always a problem, and you might see them even in a healthy environment. With [Azure AD Connect sync V2 endpoint API](how-to-connect-sync-endpoint-api-v2.md), transient objects should auto-resolve in subsequent delta synchronization cycles. A common example where you might find transient objects being generated occurs on Azure AD Connect servers installed in staging mode, when an admin permanently deletes an object directly in Azure AD using PowerShell and later synchronizes the object again.
```
Fix link target and minor edits
